all right three here we go all right
I'll write the menu well I had turn
speaker up for me anyway it doesn't
bother you guys
all right Godzilla 2000 forces King
Ghidorah
so what oh yeah we just fought in Tokyo
let's pick somewhere else like San
Francisco at night there we go oh yeah
here we go
it's gonna be epic oh yeah by the way I
just I mention us uh I just got a sh
month's arts little Godzilla and it is
like awesome yeah so I just need ammo
gear and then I have all billiad
monsters from Godzilla versus space
Godzilla
in fact we were supposed to just get
them over here uh because we have on
layaway but then we just took the money
that we already had on that and put it
against the little Godzilla cuz it was
on like 50 and we already had like like
60 on the theirs oh oh that was awesome
that was awesome
anyway yeah we only had like 60 on the
other so well we had 60 on the other so
we just took that we just put it for the
little Godzilla now we're studying over
on the mobile URL it's confusing so
that's all I'm gonna talk about okay
here we go
boom boom boom boom aw come on you
missed no do not get that health it's my
health my health
no you little mind get over here you
three-headed wuss come on come on now oh
oh oh that hurt he kicked me right in
the oh geez like that hurry he kicked me
right in the face ima hit the building
alright you know what I'm gonna like
punch you right where am I gonna get
punch you boom boom oh you land like
right next to that building and yet made
it collapse oh did you see that you
barely touched his one of his heads and
he fell down it's awesome hahaha you
missed you missed a three-headed flying
little alright come on come on
come on get over you you're freaking
loose
come on come on let's go
ah come on come on you can hit me
through the building and I can't hit
people through the building it's unfair
no nobody could get over here all right
oh hey yeah hi you got frozen oh no oh
come on what yeah there we go
Tico the picking them up is confusing
cuz you can only like you know cuz you
have to push two buttons in order to
pick them up and just like sometimes
they yell like if you don't hit it
correctly I'll either do what one of
those buttons does so I mean it doesn't
do that like a lot of time but it's
still just like oh come on this is
unfair here get over here so I can like
finish you off aha finishing uh-oh
come on hey you know I'm gonna kick your
boom yeah oh yeah I win oh yeah monsters
fight
do Allah come on yes okay so there might
be something over there so like when
they're just heading off screen like
that don't move because they could be
heading towards a powerup and you don't
want them getting those obviously I
don't even think there was anything
there the computer was just backing up
ha ha
he missed oh come on oh hi hi hit your
foot hey and guess what 1 2 3 boom boom
boom oh yeah just like that
come on come on okay pick up this
building oh no I can't
dun-dun-dun-dun not one
well yeah hey guess what man oh right
out of the sky just like that
dun dun dun
the music in this game is actually
really epic hi you went right over me
well yeah hey guess what oh yeah that
didn't work
boom oh I miss No Oh boom okay come on
yeah it's a good thing he doesn't like a
lot of it never really get the rage it's
what makes me angry
like if they use it I'd be like less
angry but like when they don't is just
like come on you know it's a waste you
know what I'm gonna throw you into this
building see boom oh that oh see nice
three heads I was you know three times
the pain right there
done aw come on that's unfair come on
come in come in come on boom boom oh
come on it's a fair here I'm gonna hit
you now boom oh come on
ah come on yeah hi grabbed your foot oh
I hit your foot
punch him boom get the hell get the hell
I'll beat him up
yeah I win whoa oh that was pretty
ethical isn't it yeah it was actually
see like news cam view so I'm gonna call
this our helicopter view for that one
okay well alright end of this part I
will see you guys in the next part
goodbye